# Boston House Price Prediction
## About
Boston, a thriving metropolitan city known for its rich history and cultural significance, has grappled with the challenge of crime rateand its potential impact on housing prices. Drawing on a comprehensive set of variables, including not only structural characteristics of the housing but also hedonic variables such as crime occurrences in the neighborhood, toursim factor as Charles River and lower status of the population, we seek to provide insights into how these variables impacts housing prices in Boston, and to what extent it influences the dynamics of the local real estate market. In this project, we will use the Boston Housing dataset to solve a prediction question. This dataset contains information on various attributes such as crime rate, average number of rooms, accessibility to highways, and more, which are hypothesized to influence housing prices. The project will involve several parts, including data cleaning, visualization, and model building. Our objective is to conduct exploratory data analysis (EDA) and then build a hedonic regression model with multiple inputs. We will utilize various Python techniques learned in this course to explore the real world data and solve economic questions.

By analyzing the data, we aim to answer economic questions related to the housing market and explore the real-world application of Python techniques. It is important to note that the dataset has its limitations as it was collected almost 50 years ago, but it still provides an excellent opportunity for us to apply our Python skills and gain insights of housing market.

Authors: Wanxin Luo and Tony Liang
